# Linear-Quadratic Embedding of Finite Dynamic Games #

## Abstract ##
We consider the problem of embedding a finite dynamic game into a linear-quadratic-game. We rigorously define the LQ embedding of a finite dynamic game and develop a partial characterization of when an finite game can be LQ embedded.  We also provide empirical analysis to show that an example game, tic-tac-toe is not LQ embeddable.

## Introduction ##
In finite discrete-time dynamic games with large number of players or large number of available actions per player, finding optimal play often requires expensive searching algorithms. This can get prohibitively expensive for many real life applications. On the contrary, many smooth games encountered in the real world can be approximately solved efficiently. Of such smooth games, Linear Quadratic (LQ) games, are one of the most well studied due to their simplicity and ability to approximate many dynamic games encountered in the real world. In this project we investigate the feasibility of embedding a discrete game with finite states and player actions into an LQ game with continuous state and action spaces, and by solving this LQ game, generate near optimal strategies for the finite game we originally had.

We show that almost no game is LQ embeddable using both theoretical and empirical analysis. In the theoretical analysis, we partially characterize when a finite game can be embedded into a LQ game and show that LQ embeddability is a rare phenomenon across games. In the experimental part, we provide evidence which suggests that an example game, tic-tac-toe, is not LQ embeddable. To this end, we propose a neural network based approach for embedding the finite game into an LQ game and for classifying the optimal plays generated by solving the LQ as actions which players in the original finite game can take. We then show that for an example game, tic-tac-toe, this approach performs poorly. Experimental analysis also includes statistical analysis of the reward distribution of tic-tac-toe.

Here is a table of contents:
- [Problem Statement](problem.md)
- [Analysis](chapter1.md)
- [Results](results.md)
